Privacy policy of the app

What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?

User Provided Information 
The Application obtains the information you provide when you download. Registration with us is optional.

Automatically Collected Information
In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID.

Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?
This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device. 

Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
Only aggregated, anonymized data is periodically transmitted to external services to help us improve the Application and our service.
The application uses services such as:
Google services
Unity services 

Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
The application does not store any user data.

Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13.

Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.

Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here. 

Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the United States. If you reside outside the United States your information will be transferred, processed and stored there under United States privacy standards. 

Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at support@thegosa.com.
